DIGITAL HEALTH
Digital health forecast (2020-2027). This report provides a comprehensive overview of the market Digital Health, which we have divided into two segments: Digital Fitness & Well-Being and eHealth. Digital Fitness & Well-Being covers devices such as Fitness Wearables and Smart Scales as well as Apps. The market of digital health consists of various segments and the market size has a constant growth and it is estimated to grow rapidly in the upcoming years, contribution of funds of USA cities to digital health, global revenue, users and revenue generated by each segment, age segments, top brands, growth of apps in covid, app downloads based on segments.

Data source
The data source can be downloaded from the Kaggle website and other sources such as data.gov.

Prerequisites
Install tableau desktop that is appropriate to your operating system.
Use tableau and create visualizations and analyze data.

Installing
Step by step procedure to install tableau.
Go to the Tableau website at https://www.tableau.com/products/desktop/download.
Choose the appropriate version for your operating system (Windows or Mac).
Click the "Download" button to start the download.
Once the download is complete, double-click on the installation file to start the installation process.
Read and accept the Tableau Desktop License Agreement.
Choose the installation folder for Tableau Desktop. You can keep the default folder or choose a custom folder.
Choose the options for the installation, such as adding Tableau Desktop to your Start Menu or creating a desktop shortcut.
Click "Install" to begin the installation process.
After the installation is complete, launch Tableau Desktop.
Enter your product key or choose the trial version.
Follow the on-screen instructions to activate your product key or sign up for a trial.

Usage
Tableau project conveys the information about the digital health the forecast of digital health market, users and revenue. Through this analysis we can interpret that there is a tremendous increase in digital health over the years and USA ,China ,India being the top 3 revenue generating countries worldwide. After doing the in-depth analysis of various states of USA we observed that San Francisco being the top contributing  funds to digital health .Numbers of users are gradually increasing and simultaneously there is an increase in revenue as well. We did an in-depth analysis on the top brands and wearables that are sold .After analysis we found smart watches to be the highest sold products in future. In wearables we observed which age groups are likely to buy the products and of which brands and users of wearables. Along wearables we also analyzed the e-health apps that are downloaded more, and their revenue generated. 
* Created and implemented a comprehensive digital health strategy resulting in improved patient outcomes with an efficiency of 15%, and an increase in cost savings by 10%
* Conducted in-depth Analysis of forecast data on the digital health market, projecting a 5 billion dollar increase within the next 3 years and a corresponding more than 5% boost to the country's economic growth.


Results
Analysis was done on the two different segments of digital health which are digital health and fitness and e-health, the number of users of e-health are growing in a rapid pace and digital health generating highest revenue.
The top 3 countries generating highest revenue are China, USA, India. A deeper analysis on the funds provided by USA cities was done and it is observed that San Francisco being the top best contributor to digital health.
The number of users of e-health are rapidly increasing and we can observe steep growth of revenue in digital health fitness and wellbeing.
The smartwatches are the top most sold wearables in digital health and we observed that apple and Fitbit smartwatches are at the top position.
The e-health apps which are most likely to be downloaded are Samsung health and Huawei health. It is observed that the paid e-health apps are generating the highest revenue.
Today, digital health already is a cornerstone of developed health systems all over the world. The COVID-19 pandemic has positively accelerated growth in the Digital Health market by making healthcare and self-monitoring of health conditions more accessible to public. With Digital therapeutics slowing becoming mainstream with regulatory approvals and reimbursement routes established, this market is estimated to significantly grow in the coming years.


Contributors
Harika Mangu


Acknowledgements
We would like to express our gratitude to Northeastern university for providing us with the opportunity to complete this project under the coursework computational and visualization for analytics. We, would like to thank our instructor for guidance and support throughout project.
Additionally, we would like to acknowledge valuable contributions of our team members, who collaborated with us to develop and implement digital health solution. Their dedication and hard work were instrumental in the success of the project.



